Hi, it's Wojciech Lesniak.
Welcome to this module where we will take a peek under the
covers of Spring Security authentication.
At the architecture, the key components and building blocks.
But don't worry, we won't go too deep,
only what you really need to know to effectively navigate the framework.
Spring Boot out-of-the-box configuration for Spring Security.
I'm sure you have seen many tutorials and demos online that make
it look so simple and easy using Spring Boot.
But in reality, Security can be more complicated,
and it's to understand the fundamentals of the framework so
that you can more effectively extend and customize or even
disable some of the default features.
How to set up Form, Basic,
and Digest Authentication and learn about the key differences between each type,
the pros and the cons so that you can make a more informed decision when
selecting the appropriate strategy for your requirements.
We will spend a lot of time exploring the code in the demos and also have
some fun performing penetration testing as this is the best way to learn
and master a complicated subject like security.
So join me for the remainder of this module where we will take a deep dive into authentication with Spring Security and Spring Boot.